in metropolitan
look comes from the oven an electric oven
consumes alcohol and spinel cheese the game
from the last day 12 the directory and go I can
speak here in the air
this fair 13 and today will give no
respect can no longer either side can
direction of the book are afternoon glow and
night
hi spirit of the electric rotary kiln
on are you selling the item yet
trained and is not sylvia all jewelry all
like that little cook I'm talking to
It's adriana was adriana like that was
no fifth hand but play straight
every moment
boy is the evening snack with whom he spoke
night in the evening
ae
she is the mother team already back on the field
line falls after the galley loses
income and on the other the achievement gave
your business does not brand and chem logo is peb
you were
oh yeah, still line mosson
the hello was our respective card is
very short as is the name is sylvia is
about the electric oven with it
Where do I say I 'm here in the center?
I'm new in town
Who 's talking is good when it 's
selling tanoh to oblige a good night to
This is not so, it is not so.
Let's call from memory, the guy is crazy.
of the adriana band said that they still had
I adore meticulously not Miguel is a lie
now it's not like that
I just because 00 appears in your mine
no problem
also sells the power lunch to the oven
I do not have the right to buy
I 'm going to buy, not even the night.
end up talking to you and call you
person and hung up the phone on my
boy, what happened?
I was trying there are some who will not tell
there's logic in nike monchique otter
country did not fall call the lady spoke
has already been sold to find out
from here with the staff here more than
It happened that he was mean to me girl
not in the band called the call fell
so I was talking to him
So he said that's it, okay? Then go.
Wondering, it's not over yet.
because it was not normal so he just said
the guilt has already been sold on the movie hung up
in my face, no, he will not
Thank you the company was sold.
our Czech people because I feel
relative of you before God knows
And there happens a business of these people
gets a little annoyed know why
feel the girl always does that rendered in
emotion
who has and us and also in C totals
so softly but the wind already with a
problem is your telephone, right?
Look, girl, give a message for your husband.
one talks to him that he is a bis kato
saw how it is
not that the husband tells him that he
It's a kato bis
okay then Brigade Major thamy
needing something beautiful saw 10
11 pm late
hell your phone that matches
Sunday is damn dog
dog runs in the metropolitan
xu bin the shop in a she is the ox spoke to
can help the sao paulo looking after
sing like that will not give a twist to
my
only